README.md, before:

# Google Books Search Refactor

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Images-and-Links](#images-and-links)
- [Contribution-Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Contact-Info](#contact-info)

## Description

This project involved refactoring an existing application. The original application was a Google Books search engine built with a RESTful API. The application has now be refactored to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. This application was built using a MERN stack.

## Installation

After forking this repository, enter ```npm install`` into the root directory. The package.json has an included script that will install all necessary packages concurrently in both the client and server directories.

## Usage

Once all necessary packages have been installed, this application includes node scripts ```npm run start``` for testing the server, ```npm run develop``` to run both the client and server locally, and ```npm run render-build``` as a command for deploying to Render.

## Images and Links



## Contribution Guidelines

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository. Reach out with any questions, comments, or suggestions through the links below.

## Acknowledgements

This application was built using code examples from University of Utah's Full Stack Coding Bootcamp as reference material.

## Contact Info

Feel free to reach me with the links provided below:

- <a href="https://github.com/Grawrb" alt="GitHub Profile Link"> Grawrb Github Profile</a>
- [Email](mailto:robmaxfield22@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Added comments throughout files for code clarity

README.md, after:

# Google Books Search Refactor

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Images-and-Links](#images-and-links)
- [Contribution-Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Contact-Info](#contact-info)

## Description

This project involved refactoring an existing application. The original application was a Google Books search engine built with a RESTful API. The application has now be refactored to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. This application was built using a MERN stack.

## Installation

After forking this repository, enter ```npm install`` into the root directory. The package.json has an included script that will install all necessary packages concurrently in both the client and server directories.

## Usage

Once all necessary packages have been installed, this application includes node scripts ```npm run start``` for testing the server, ```npm run develop``` to run both the client and server locally, and ```npm run render-build``` as a command for deploying to Render.

## Images and Links

- <a href="https://book-search-refactor-uhl9.onrender.com" alt="Render Deploy Link"> Render Deploy Link </a>


## Contribution Guidelines

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository. Reach out with any questions, comments, or suggestions through the links below.

## Acknowledgements

This application was built using code examples from University of Utah's Full Stack Coding Bootcamp as reference material. Some comments were auto-completed by Amazon Q assistant.

## Contact Info

Feel free to reach me with the links provided below:

- <a href="https://github.com/Grawrb" alt="GitHub Profile Link"> Grawrb Github Profile</a>
- [Email](mailto:robmaxfield22@gmail.com)
